Sneaky Banana Kestrel

High

# Users can only claim rewards once per distribution, losing all future rewards

### Summary

Users can only claim rewards once per distribution, losing all future rewards. Example: a distribution lasts months and a user claims rewards after the first week, the user can no longer claim rewards for the rest of the time period.

### Root Cause

In handleProofResult https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L207-L216
```solidity
        // Closing reentrancy gate here
        CumulativeClaim memory claim = claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId];
        require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward.");

        claim.startBlock = startBlock;
        claim.endBlock = endBlock;
        claim.amount = totalRewardAmount;
        claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId] = claim;

        IERC20(rewardTokenAddress).safeTransfer(userAddress, totalRewardAmount);
```
The `claimed` array does not store any information about the time period of the claim, only the user and the distribution (one distribution has exactly one reward token address). Therefore, after the first time a user claims rewards for a given distribution, `claim.amount` > 0 for all his subsequent claims on the same distribution. The user cannot claim for the same distribution any more, as the only parameters in `claimed` are the user address, reward address, and distribution id, which will be the same for the same distribution no matter what time period the claim is over.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

Not an attack

### Impact

The user can no longer claim future rewards. This can be almost an entire loss of rewards. Suppose the user claims after the first day of a two month distribution (readme says blocks per epoch is 6h to 1d). Then he will lose 59/60 > 98% of the rewards. High severity.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Replace 

```solidity
        require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward.");
```

with `require(claim.amount == 0 || claim.endBlock < startBlock , "Already claimed reward.");`.