Bald Admiral Urchin

High

# Impossible to claim full reward if user had been partially rewarded

### Summary

The excess check in GammaRewarder leads to user being unable to get all of their deserved reward.

### Root Cause

The check in GammaRewarder:l209 (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209) checks whether the user has been rewarded a non-zero amount in this distributionId.
However, this is incorrect, since the user could've been rewarded for a portion of time that he should've, and in that case he won't be able to get rewarded for the full range anymore.

### Internal pre-conditions

One user must be rewarded for one distribution divided in at least two calls to `handleProofResult`.
The calls will be honest, with no intersections in period of time for which the user is being rewarded.

### External pre-conditions

Same as Internal pre-conditions, since the proof comes from external protocol.

### Attack Path

Imagine the user should've been rewarded for Epochs 124-128 (the numbers are for example purposes only).
Then, the following happens: 
1. The proof of their reward for blocks in Epochs 124-126 will come, he will get the deserved reward for that range of time, setting `claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId].` to `X`.
2. The proof of their reward for blocks in Epoch 127-128 will come, he won't be able to get the deserve reward for that range, since `claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId]` is already set to be non-zero.

### Impact

This issue leads to user potentially getting just a part of their deserved reward, leading to loss of funds for him.

### PoC

The issue is straightforward, thus there is no need for PoC.

### Mitigation

It's possible to check the last Epoch where the user was rewarded, if the proofs will come for increasing periods of time.
One more option is to track the Epochs for which the user has been already rewarded.