Bald Admiral Urchin

Medium

# Insufficient checks on reward amount lead to funds being permanently locked in GammaRewarder

### Summary

According to Sherlock competition page, one of the invariants of the system that should be checked is "Total distributed rewards must match initial deposit minus protocol fees".
However, because of the missing check in `createDistribution` it's possible for a part of funds to be permanently locked in GammaRewarder.

### Root Cause

In `createDistribution` function it's not ensured that `realAmountToDistribute` is divisible by `((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) / blocksPerEpoch)`, namely **number of epochs that the distribution covers**. (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L115-L146)
Accordingly to the Sherlock's competition page, one epoch (`blocksPerEpoch`) will be set to the amount of blocks that equals time range from 6 hours to 1 day.
I will assume `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` is equal to a equivalent of 4 weeks. Both comments in code, and sherlock competition page states that it should be equal to 4 weeks, instead of 16, as it is now in code. Upper bound of 16 weeks lead to a bigger loss, namely 4 times bigger, but I will calculate the losses given that the real upper bound is 4 weeks.
That means that number of epochs in one distribution will be somewhere in range from 28 to 112.
If the the `_rewardToken` is USDC, for example, and the number of epochs in distribution is 112, then up to 111 wei of USDC could be rounded down. 
That is trivial to see, doesn't require an additional PoC.
That's 1.11$ per distribution, which is far from optimal.

### Internal pre-conditions

There are no pre-conditions for the rounding down to happen, but with a bigger number of epochs in distribution a bigger loss could be incurred.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

Is described in Root Cause Section.

### Impact

A part of tokens to be distributed will be permanently locked in GammaRewarder.

### PoC

The PoC in form of calculations is present in Root Cause section.

### Mitigation

One way to deal with that is to transfer only the rounded down part from incentivizor (distribution creator) to GammaRewarder. 
This way, no losses will be incurred, and the amount of the reward that will really be distributed will be equal to the amount taken from incentivizor.