Macho Brown Oyster

High

# Changing `blocksPerEpoch` will break previously created reward distributions

### Summary

When a user creates a rewards distribution, the duration of the distribution in blocks must be a multiple of the state variable `blocksPerEpoch` value at the time the distribution is created. This constraint is enforced by [GammaRewarder.sol#L120](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L120
):
```solidity
        require((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Distribution length must be multiples of blocks per epoch");
```

Later, when handling the proof results, this condition is checked again on [GammaRewarder.sol#L165](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L165):
```solidity
        require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
```

This creates a vulnerability where, if the protocol admin changes the variable `blocksPerEpoch` between the creation of a reward distribution and the corresponding handling of the proof results, the validation will fail. This failure will result in the reward distribution being invalidated, causing a loss of rewards for both the incentivizor and the recipients.


### Root Cause

The vulnerability arises from the assumption that the blocksPerEpoch value will remain constant throughout the entire lifecycle of a reward distribution. However, if this value is updated after the distribution is created but before the `handleProofResult()` function is called, the rewards will become inaccessible due to the mismatch in block calculations.


### Internal pre-conditions

- A rewards distribution is created with a duration that is a multiple of the `blocksPerEpoch` value at the time of creation.

### External pre-conditions

- The protocol admin updates the `blocksPerEpoch` value after the creation of a distribution but before the rewards distribution is completely claimed.

### Attack Path

1. Incentivizor creates a rewards distribution with a valid block duration based on the current blocksPerEpoch.
2. The admin updates `blocksPerEpoch` via `GammaRewarder::setBlocksPerEpoch()`.
3. When `handleProofResult()` is called, the previously valid distribution becomes invalid due to the new `blocksPerEpoch` value, causing the transaction to revert.
4. Both the incentivizor and the recipients lose access to the rewards.


### Impact

Loss of rewards for both incentivizors and recipients.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Remove the `blocksPerEpoch` check on `GammaRewarder::handleProofResult()`:
```diff
-       require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
+       // The check below also guarantees that startBlock < endBlock
        require(startBlock >= params.startBlockNumber && endBlock <= params.endBlockNumber, "Claim range has to include distribution range.");
```
