Hollow Peanut Wolf

High

# User will lose rewards across multiple epochs in the same distribution due to restrictive claim check

### Summary

The `require(claim.amount == 0, "Already claimed reward.");` check in [`handleProofResult()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209-L210) will cause a loss of access to rewards from multiple epochs of same distribution for users, as they will be prevented from claiming rewards for each epoch individually once a reward has already been claimed.

### Root Cause

In [`handleProofResult()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209-L210), there is a check 

```solidity
CumulativeClaim memory claim = claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId];
require(claim.amount == 0, "Already claimed reward.");
``` 

intended to ensure that users cannot claim rewards multiple times within the same epoch. However, this check unintentionally prevents users from claiming rewards across multiple epochs. Once a user claims a reward for any single epoch, the `claim.amount` is set to a non-zero value, which triggers this requirement and prevents further claims, even if they are for different epochs.

This restriction arises because the `claim.amount` condition is applied to all subsequent claims, thereby blocking users from accessing rewards accrued in subsequent epochs. This significantly impacts user experience and the functionality of the reward system, as users lose the ability to claim earned rewards for past epochs once they initiate a claim.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Incentivizor created a distribution
2. User claimed rewards in an initial epoch

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. User has generated rewards in another epoch but the claim process will fail

### Impact

This restriction prevents users from claiming all rewards they are entitled to across multiple epochs in a distribution, leading to potential reward losses.



### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the logic to store claims on a per-epoch basis, so users can claim rewards from multiple epochs independently.