Rich Maroon Lobster

High

# Improper Epoch Handling in `handleProofResult()` Function Leading to Unclaimable Rewards

### Summary

In the GammaRewarder.sol contract, the `createDistribution()` function allows the incentivizor to create reward distributions that span multiple epochs within a single `distributionId`. Claimants are expected to be able to claim rewards for each epoch separately within the same distributionId. However, due to the current implementation of the `handleProofResult()` function, only the first claim within an epoch succeeds, while subsequent claims revert. This prevents claimants from claiming rewards for multiple epochs, leading to locked funds in the contract.

### Root Cause

The handleProofResult() function sets claim.amount to totalRewardAmount upon the first successful claim within an epoch. Subsequent calls to handleProofResult() for the same distributionId, even if for different epochs, fail due to the following check:
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L208-L209)
```solidity
        CumulativeClaim memory claim = claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId];
        require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward.");
```        
Since claim.amount is set to a non-zero value on the first successful claim, the function does not allow further claims for the same distributionId and different epoch.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. createDistribution() function has successfully created a reward distribution for multiple epochs within a single distributionId.
2. blocksPerEpoch is set, and the distribution period spans multiple blocksPerEpoch intervals.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. A claimant initiates a claim for a specific epoch using handleProofResult(), with valid startBlock and endBlock that align with blocksPerEpoch.
2. The first claim within an epoch sets claim.amount to a non-zero value. [Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L211-214)
3. The claimant attempts a second claim within the same distributionId for a different epoch, resulting in a revert due to claim.amount already being set.

### Impact

1. Loss of Rewards for Claimants
2. Locked Funds

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Epoch-Based Claim Tracking: Implement epoch-specific tracking to enable separate claims for each epoch within a distributionId. Modify claimed mappings to include epochId as a key to differentiate claims for each epoch.