Rich Maroon Lobster

Medium

# Risk of Reward Loss and Protocol Drain Due to `blocksPerEpoch` Change

### Summary

In the `GammaRewarder.sol` contract, changing the `blocksPerEpoch` parameter via the `setBlocksPerEpoch()` function after reward distributions have been created leads to potential reward discrepancies. If blocksPerEpoch is modified by the admin after distributions are set, claimants may face two critical issues: (1) inability to claim their rightful rewards, resulting in loss, or (2) unintended over-claiming, which can drain protocol funds.

### Root Cause

Loss of rewards because of change in the blocksPerEpoch by the admin. Consider incentivizor creates the distribution rewards when the blocksPerEpoch is 10 and startBlock = 0 and endBlock = 30. So the number of epoch = 3. and distributionAmountPerEpoch = 100 tokens so total reward = 300 tokens 

Now after that admin changes the value of blocksPerEpoch value using setBlocksPerEpoch() function. So now suppose the blocksPerEpoch = 15 and because of this either if proof cannot be generated for this blocksPerEpoch = 15 then here it will revert
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L202)
```solidity
require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
```
or if the proof can be generated using the new blocksPerEpoch then it will reduce or increase the rewards for the claimant.

For blocksPerEpoch = 15, epoch = 2 and claimant cannot claim the remaining tokens for 3rd epoch

For blockPerEpoch = 5, epoch = 6 and claimant will claim amountPerEpoch * 6 which is more than the distributed tokens by the incentivizor and hence can drain the protocol   

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The incentivizor creates a distribution with a specific blocksPerEpoch value, defining epochs within a distributionId.
2. Claimants depend on this blocksPerEpoch value to match their claims for each epoch’s rewards within the distributionId.

### External pre-conditions

1. The admin changes the blocksPerEpoch value using setBlocksPerEpoch() after reward distributions have already been created.
2. The claimant attempts to claim rewards based on the original blocksPerEpoch but encounters misaligned epoch divisions or claim requirements.

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

1. Reward Loss
2. Protocol Drain

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_