Blunt Glossy Cheetah

High

# User cannot claim reward distribution

### Summary


The `Already claimed reward` check in `GammaRewarder:handleProofResult` may cause a user’s reward amount to remain stuck in the contract if they previously claimed under the same distribution ID for different epochs. 
The only restriction is that partial epochs cannot be claimed - claims must cover entire epochs. Therefore, the user should be able to claim rewards for different epoch ranges within a distribution.

### Root Cause

In [GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209) there is a wrong `Already claimed reward` check.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The Incentivizor initiates a new reward distribution spanning multiple epochs.
2. According to the README, the user initiates a zk-proof and submits an on-chain request to the Brevis App. Brevis will then invoke the callback function `handleProofResult`, let’s assume, only for the first epoch range.
3. When the user invokes the callback function `handleProofResult` for a subsequent epoch range, such as the second epoch, their transaction will fail with an `Already claimed reward` error.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

### Impact

The user's reward amount remains locked in the contract, and they do not receive anything

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider verifying if the user has already claimed a reward for the same epoch within this distribution.