Dry Caramel Chimpanzee

Medium

# invariant "total distributed rewards must match initial deposit minus protocol fees" is broken

### Summary

One of the invariants listed in the readMe is broken. Below are the listed invariants:
> Key invariants from the contract code:

> Total distributed rewards must match initial deposit minus protocol fees
Users cannot claim more rewards than allocated per distribution period
Same rewards cannot be claimed twice (enforced by claim tracking)
Distribution parameters (hypervisor, token, amounts) must remain immutable once set

The problem is that the invariant `Total distributed rewards must match initial deposit minus protocol fees` is broken.

### Root Cause

In GammaRewarder.sol ln 127, we can observe the following line of code...
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L127

```solidity
        uint256 fee = _amount * protocolFee / BASE_9;
        uint256 realAmountToDistribute = _amount - fee;
        uint256 amountPerEpoch = realAmountToDistribute / ((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) / blocksPerEpoch);
```
the snippet shows how the `fee` is calculated as well as the `realAmountTodistribute`

the problem is that when diving by the result of `((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) / blocksPerEpoch);`
This will cause the `amountPerEpoch` to be rounded downwards if the result is not a whole number.

for example 
realAmountToDistribute = 10
the result of `((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) / blocksPerEpoch);` = 3

amountsPerEpoch = 10/3 = 3.33 this result will be rounded down to 3
given there is 3 epochs and the amountPErEpoch will be 3 this results in the contract only giving out a total of 9 wei of the token insteads of 10. This example is using small numbers for the  sake of explanation but will work with real and larger numbers.

This means that the invariant `Total distributed rewards must match initial deposit minus protocol fees` is in fact broken because it does not hold, because the deposit was 10 wei and the distributed amount was 9 as shown in the example. Although the impact is low, if we read sherlock docs, we can see why the valid medium severity is appropriate. 

from sherlock docs:

> The protocol team can use the README (and only the README) to define language that indicates the codebase's restrictions and/or expected functionality. Additionally, the protocol team can use only the following question to define the protocol's invariants/properties:

> What properties/invariants do you want to hold even if breaking them has a low/unknown impact?

> Issues that break the invariants from the above question, irrespective of whether the impact is low/unknown, will be assigned Medium severity. High severity will be applied only if the issue falls into the High severity category in the judging guidelines.


### Internal pre-conditions

the result of amountPerEpoch calculation must be a non whole number and thus rounded down.

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. amountsPerEpoch is non whole number in calculartion
2. it is rounded down
3. invariant broken

### Impact

breaking of readMe Invariant 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The mitigation can include using modulo to ensure there is no whole number result same as was done elsewhere in the code as shown below;

> require((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) % blocksPerEpoch == 0,