Trendy Mauve Seagull

High

# Users will be blocked from receiving rewards if blocksPerEpoch is updated

### Summary

As the title suggests, users will be blocked from receiving rewards if `blocksPerEpoch` is updated.  This will happen because the conditional - `(endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch` is violated.  

### Root Cause

If `blocksPerEpoch` is updated by the owner (after distribution begins for a given period), when `handleProofResult` is called by a user to claim their rewards, the function will fail because the conditional below fails due to the new value of `blocksPerEpoch`.

```solidity
require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L202

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin/Owner updates the value of `blocksPerEpoch` using `setBlocksPerEpoch`.
2. This new `blocksPerEpoch` is not a multiple of `endBlock - startBlock`, where `endBlock` and `startBlock` are returned from the decoded output of `_appCircuitOutput`. 
3. Important note - The readme states that when the update function is called, no additional checks are applied:
>setBlocksPerEpoch: No additional checks

This means blocksPerEpoch can be set to any value at any point in time, as long as it is between 6 hours and 1 day. From the readme:

>6 hours - 1 day worth of blocks would be reasonable

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Let's say a distribution is created where `endBlock - startBlock` is equal to 60 and the initial value of `blocksPerEpoch` is 12 and the condition `(endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0` satisfies in the `CreateDistribution` function.
2. After a long while, the owner updates the `blocksPerEpoch` to 18.
4. When a user (who may have generated the proof earlier but calls the `handleProofResult` after `blocksPerEpoch` is updated ) calls the `handleProofResult` function, it will revert because `(endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0`  is not satisfied -> 60 % 18 != 0
5. The user is blocked from claiming his rewards.

### Impact

Users will not be able to claim their rewards.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

When a distribution is created, store the `blocksPerEpoch` as an element in the `DistributionParameters` struct. Use this stored value in the above conditional.