Little Chocolate Turkey

High

# Missing `blocksPerEpoch` Zero Check Causes Permanent Reverts in `createDistribution` leading to DOS

### Summary

Failing to check if `blocksPerEpoch` is zero can cause all calls to `createDistribution` to revert, permanently disabling the reward distribution function and resulting in a Denial of Service (DoS).

### Root Cause


In [GammaRewarder.sol:120](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L120), there is no check for `blocksPerEpoch`, and it is not assigned anywhere in the contract. This omission could lead to potential issues if `blocksPerEpoch` is unintentionally set to zero or left unset. 
Adding a validation check would help prevent unexpected behavior and enhance security by ensuring `blocksPerEpoch` is correctly initialized.

### Internal pre-conditions

The admin should implement a check for _blocksPerEpoch at [GammaRewarder.sol:240](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L240)

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

The protocol suffers a complete loss of reward distribution functionality (DoS). The attacker does not gain financially but can prevent legitimate users from receiving rewards.

### Impact

Denial of Service (DoS) Vulnerability: If `blocksPerEpoch` is set to zero (whether intentionally or due to an oversight), every call to `createDistribution` will revert due to division or modulo by zero errors. This results in an inability for incentivizers to create reward distributions, effectively causing a DoS attack on the reward system.



### PoC

Kindly check Summary & Impact

### Mitigation

Add check at [GammaRewarder.sol:119](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blame/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L119)
```diff
+ require(blocksPerEpoch != 0, "blocksPerEpoch must be greater than zero");
 ```