Trendy Mauve Seagull

High

# Users cannot claim rewards for the whole distribution period.

### Summary

If a user has claimed rewards for a part of the distribution period, even if they later become eligible to claim more rewards for the rest of the distribution period, they will not be able to do so.

### Root Cause

This [check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209) prevents a user from claiming rewards more than once in the same distribution period. This becomes problematic if later a user is eligible to claim more rewards in the same distribution period after they have already claimed once.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The user has already claimed rewards for a part of the distribution period.
2. Also, the sponsor in pvt chat has made clear that:
>The intention of the contract is so that the user can claim after each epoch.

So, within a distribution period, if a user has claimed rewards for the initial few epochs, then they should also be able to claim rewards for later epochs of the same distribution period, if they are eligible.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Let's say the duration(`_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum`) of a distribution is 1200.
2. The user becomes eligible for rewards for the first 300 blocks and claims rewards for this duration. This is because this check satisfies -
```solidity
require(startBlock >= params.startBlockNumber && endBlock <= params.endBlockNumber, "Claim range has to include distribution range.");
```
and `claim.amount` == 0.

3. After a while, it is observed that the user is also eligible for rewards for blocks 900-1200 of the same distribution.
4. But, when the user tries to claim the rewards again for this period using the `handleProofResult` function, it reverts because of this check:

```solidity
        CumulativeClaim memory claim = claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId];
->      require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward.");
```
As the user has already claimed rewards for this `distributionId` previously, they cannot claim again.

### Impact

Users cannot claim their full rewards for the distribution period.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Instead of preventing users from not claiming rewards more than once in the same distribution period, stop them from claiming rewards using the same `requestId` again.