Glamorous Chili Falcon

Medium

# handleProofResult will be DOSed after blocksPerEpoch is changed.

### Summary

The function handleProofResult is used by users to collect rewards based on the proof. The contract will first check whether the parameters match, one of which is about blocksPerEpoch:

```solidity
require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
```

blocksPerEpoch means how many blocks each epoch is contained. The duration is from 6 hours to 1 day. Note that the variable will be updated by owner:

```solidity
    function setBlocksPerEpoch(uint64 _blocksPerEpoch) external onlyOwner {
        blocksPerEpoch = _blocksPerEpoch;
        emit BlocksPerEpochUpdated(_blocksPerEpoch);
    }
```

Therefore, a situation will occur where the blocksPerEpoch is different when creating the distribution and when claiming the reward. 

According to the documentation, the block span for claiming rewards must be a multiple of blocksPerEpoch, where the blocksPerEpoch is the blocksPerEpoch when the distribution is created. Therefore, when claiming rewards, the function handleProofResult will revert due to inconsistency in blocksPerEpoch.

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L202

The blocksPerEpoch is different when creating the distribution and when claiming the reward.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin calls setBlocksPerEpoch to update the blocksPerEpoch

### External pre-conditions

1. User calls handleProofResult to claim the reward.

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Users can't claim the rewards.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

According to the developer's description, the 40th to 48th bytes of _appCircuitOutput is blocksPerEpoch, so the blocksPerEpoch that needs to be checked in the handleProofResult function should be the blocksPerEpoch extracted from _appCircuitOutput.