Scrawny Walnut Mouse

High

# Change of blocksPerEpoch can DoS the system

### Summary

When creating a distribution this thing is checked:

```solidity
require((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Distribution length must be multiples of blocks per epoch");
```

However, the blocksPerEpoch can be updated while a distribution has not started or is still in progress by the admin. The problem comes from the fact that when claiming this requirement is checked again but if the variable was changed it can falsely fail which will DoS a claim for every user.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L202

### Root Cause

On line `GammaRewarder.sol:239`, admin can update the `blocksPerEpoch` value. But the problem comes from that, the logic that we have in `handleProofResult` asserts whether 
`require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");` with the newly set value and not the value, that was used when creating the given distribution. 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. Admin needs to set `blocksPerEpoch` to be a value, that is not a divisor of `endBlock - startBlock` of a previous distribution.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Users will be not able to claim their reward from the distribution.

### PoC

1. Let's have a distribution with `startBlock` equal to 10 and `endBlock` equal to 20 and the current value of `blocksPerEpoch` to be equal to 5. 
2. Admin sets `blocksPerEpoch` to be 3, that is not a divisor of `endBlock - startBlock` of a previous distribution.
3. After this change `handleProofResult` will always revert for this distribution, due to this check
`require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");`, because ((20 - 10) % 3 != 0)

### Mitigation

Consider adding the `blockPerEpoch` value to the `DistributionParameters`. After this when claiming the saved value should be used instead of the current one.