Beautiful Black Goat

High

# Early Claimers will lose their rewards for the later valid epochs of a distribution and remaining funds will be locked in the contract forever !

### Summary

Total Reward calculation logic is done off-chain which is basically summation of rewards of all the valid epochs user is supposed to receive a reward . 
In a single distribution , number of epochs can vary from 1-28 ( assuming 1 epoch = one day of duration  ) . 
And user can claim only once for a specific distribution, [code link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209) . 
Issue is if a user claims early ( lets say after his first epoch) , he wont be able to claim the rewards of his later epoch ( even though  he's a valid user to receive rewards on those epochs ) 

This issue can be exploited by other malicious users by intentionally calling on behalf on a valid user too. 

### Root Cause


```solidity
 CumulativeClaim memory claim = claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId];
        require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward.");

        claim.startBlock = startBlock;
        claim.endBlock = endBlock;
        claim.amount = totalRewardAmount;
        claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId] = claim;
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L208C8-L214C74


The described bug arises from the way the `claimed` mapping and the `handleProofResult` function are implemented. Specifically, the issue is that once a user claims their reward for a distribution, the `claimed.amount` is set to the `totalRewardAmount` for that claim, effectively preventing the user from claiming any further rewards for subsequent epochs within the same distribution.

### Internal pre-conditions

None 

### External pre-conditions

User have to claim early before all of his epochs ends in a distribution . 

### Attack Path

Let's consider a distribution with the following parameters:
Total Distribution Amount: 2800 tokens
Number of Epochs: 28
Distribution Amount Per Epoch: 100 tokens (2800 tokens / 28 epochs)
User Scenario
User: Alice
Claim Timing: Alice claims her reward after the first epoch.
Calculation of Loss
1. Reward for First Epoch: Alice receives 100 tokens for the first epoch. ( assuming alice is the only reward holder for simplification ) 
Expected Total Reward: If Alice had waited until the end of the distribution, she would have been eligible to claim 2800 tokens (100 tokens per epoch for 28 epochs).
3. Actual Reward Received: 100 tokens (for the first epoch only).
4. Loss: 2700 tokens (2800 expected - 100 received). ( 96.42% loss) 

Also this issue can be exploited by malicious users claiming on behalf of a valid user . 
As there's no requirement for `msg.sender` to be the reward receiver. 
any one can send a claim request to prover on behalf of any user at any time . 

```solidity
    function validateRequest(
        bytes32 _requestId,
        uint64 _chainId,
        Brevis.ExtractInfos memory _extractInfos
    ) public view virtual returns (bool) {
        brevisProof.validateRequest(_requestId, _chainId, _extractInfos);
        return true;
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/BrevisApp.sol#L13C1-L20C6

### Impact

1. Users can loss upto 96% of their rewards 
2. Remaining funds will be locked in the rewarder contract forever as their is no fund recovering mechanism 

### PoC

See attack path 

### Mitigation

1. Simplest solution could be not letting the users claim for specific distribution before the distribution ends . 
2. Or , an per epoch based claim mechanism can be implemented to . 
