Beautiful Black Goat

Medium

# Change in `blocksPerEpoch` will fail all the previous distributions

### Summary


The `blocksPerEpoch` parameter in the `GammaRewarder` contract is critical for calculating the distribution schedule and reward amounts. If this parameter is changed after distributions have been created, it causes all previous distributions to fail. This failure occurs because the reward calculations and claim validations rely on a consistent `blocksPerEpoch` value.

### Root Cause

```solidity
      DistributionParameters memory params = distributions[distributionId];
@>      require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
        require(startBlock >= params.startBlockNumber && endBlock <= params.endBlockNumber, "Claim range has to include distribution range.");
        require(lpTokenAddress == params.hypervisor && rewardTokenAddress == params.rewardToken && distributionAmountPerEpoch == params.distributionAmountPerEpoch, "Distribution params must match");
        require(totalRewardAmount > 0, "Rewards do not exist for you.");
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L201C3-L205C73


The root cause of this issue is the dependency of distribution calculations and claim validations on the `blocksPerEpoch` value. When `blocksPerEpoch` is changed, it alters the expected number of epochs and the distribution amount per epoch, leading to mismatches in the distribution parameters and claim validations.

### Internal pre-conditions



- The contract has existing distributions with a specific `blocksPerEpoch` value.
- The contract owner changes the `blocksPerEpoch` value using the `setBlocksPerEpoch` function.

### External pre-conditions


- Users attempt to claim rewards based on the original distribution parameters.

### Attack Path

1.  A distribution is created with a specific `blocksPerEpoch `value.
2.  The contract owner changes the `blocksPerEpoch `value.
3.  Users attempt to claim rewards for the distribution created before the change.
4. The claim fails because the new `blocksPerEpoch `value causes a mismatch in the expected number of epochs and the distribution amount per epoch, leading to failed validations in the `handleProofResult `function.

### Impact

1. Unclaimed rewards will DoS to  claim and will be locked in the contract forever 

### PoC

See Attack Path 

### Mitigation


1. Restrict Changes: Consider restricting changes to blocksPerEpoch to only affect future distributions, or require a delay and notification period before changes take effect.
2. Or, Store blocksPerEpoch in DistributionParameters and modify claim validation to use this stored value, ensuring each distribution retains its original epoch configuration.