Overt Vanilla Camel

High

# `blocksPerEpoch` not initliazed causes DOS

### Summary

The `GammaRewarder `smart contract contains a **Denial of Service (DoS)** vulnerability due to improper initialization during contract deployment. Specifically, the `blocksPerEpoch` variable is not set by default, which leads to a critical issue for users attempting to create reward distributions.

In the test case titled `test_BlocksPerEpochNotInitialized`, it is evident that attempting to call createDistribution without setting blocksPerEpoch results in a failed transaction. The contract owner must manually set the blocksPerEpoch value using the setBlocksPerEpoch function before any distribution can occur. Failing to do so effectively disables the functionality of the contract, leading to a **DoS** for users who intend to utilize the distribution feature.

This vulnerability stems from the contract's dependence on `blocksPerEpoch` for critical calculations without ensuring it has been initialized. Without this value being properly set, any attempt to create a distribution reverts, locking users out from utilizing the reward system as intended.

### Root Cause

In [`GammaRewarder.sol:47`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L47) the storage variable is not initliazed and not set in the constructor.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that the `GammaRewarder` contract is rendered unusable for creating reward distributions until the owner sets the `blocksPerEpoch` value. This results in a complete denial of service for all users trying to utilize the reward distribution feature, effectively disabling the contract’s primary functionality.

### PoC

```javascript
 function test_BlocksPerEpochNotInitialiazed() public {
        address user = makeAddr("user");
        address hypervisor = makeAddr("hypervisor");
        address rewardToken = makeAddr("rewardToken");

        uint64 startBlockNum = 10;
        uint64 endBlockNum = 20;
        vm.prank(user);
        vm.expectRevert();
        rewarder.createDistribution(
            hypervisor,
            rewardToken,
            1000,
            startBlockNum,
            endBlockNum
        );
    }

```

### Mitigation

To mitigate this vulnerability, it is essential to either set `blocksPerEpoch` during the `constructor ` phase of deployment or implement a safeguard that prevents the contract from being used until this value is properly initialized.