Damaged Zinc Bobcat

Medium

# Integer Division Truncation Leading to Unexpected Reward Distribution

### Summary

The line of code responsible for calculating the amount distributed per epoch is as follows:
```solidity
uint256 amountPerEpoch = realAmountToDistribute / ((_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) / blocksPerEpoch);
```
So when [createDistribution](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L108C5-L146C1) is triggered by the incentivisor, that line of code is executed.

The issue is that in Solidity, dividing two integers will always result in an integer. This means that any fractional part of the result will be discarded. For example, if realAmountToDistribute is 999 and the number of epochs calculated is 10, the result will be 99 instead of 99.9. This can lead to a significant difference in the total amount distributed, especially over multiple epochs.

### Root Cause

In gammaRewarder.sol, when [createDistribution](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L108C5-L146C1), there is integer division truncation in epoch amount calculation as shown here: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L127C9-L127C110

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The calculation of amountPerEpoch may lead to unintended truncation of rewards due to integer division. This can result in a lower than expected amount being distributed per epoch, affecting the overall incentive mechanism.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

1. Use of Fixed-Point Arithmetic:
        ◦ Consider using fixed-point arithmetic libraries (e.g., ABDK Math) to handle fractional calculations instead of relying on integer division. This can help maintain precision in financial calculations.
2. Adjust the Calculation:
        ◦ Modify the calculation to account for precision. One way is to multiply by a scaling factor before division:
 ```solidity
       uint256 amountPerEpoch = (realAmountToDistribute * BASE) / epochs; // Use a scaling factor to maintain precision
```