Handsome Flaxen Sloth

Medium

# Potential Partial Reward Loss for User due to an Edge case not validated

### Summary

The `handleProofResult` function lacks a validation check for `(startBlock - params.startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0`. This omission allows a scenario where the user may lose part of their reward from the first and last epochs due to an unsynchronized claim period.

### Root Cause

Incorrect Validation in `handleProofResult`.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. Output from the Circuit as shown in the example below.

### Attack Path

1. Assume a reward distribution across four epochs, where each epoch ends at blocks 5, 10, 15, and 20 (let `blocksPerEpoch` = 5).

```lua

Epoch Timeline:  |----|----|----|----|
                 0    5    10   15   20

```

2. The `handleProofResult` function performs the following validation:

```solidity

    require(startBlock < endBlock && (endBlock - startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim period must be valid");
    require(startBlock >= params.startBlockNumber && endBlock <= params.endBlockNumber, "Claim range has to include distribution range.");

```
[Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L165-L166)

3. These checks validate that the claim period is a multiple of `blocksPerEpoch` and falls within the distribution range. However, if `startBlock = 3` and `endBlock = 18`:

    * The difference `(endBlock - startBlock) = 15` is a multiple of 5.
    * The range is also within the distribution boundaries.

4. In this case, the claim bypasses the validation, yet it doesn’t align with epoch start and end times, leading to partial rewards lost for the first and last epochs.

5. So, Claims that align with epoch boundaries (e.g., 0 to 5, 0 to 10, 0 to 15) should be permitted, while misaligned claims (e.g., 2 to 7, 3 to 18) should be rejected to prevent reward loss.

### Impact

This issue could cause partial reward loss across multiple epochs if a claim period is unsynchronized with epoch boundaries.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add the following check in `handleProofResult` to ensure that claims align with epoch boundaries:

```solidity

    require((startBlock - params.startBlock) % blocksPerEpoch == 0, "Claim must be in sync with distribution epochs.");

```