Handsome Flaxen Sloth

Medium

# Users will be DoSed from claiming if they do multiple partial claims

### Summary

The `handleProofResult` function has a `require` check that prevents users who have already claimed from claiming again. This logic creates a DoS scenario if a user tries to claim rewards in multiple epochs, blocking them from receiving the remaining rewards.

### Root Cause

The Root Cause is a validation in `handleProofResult` (marked below `@->`) that disallows claims if any previous amount has been claimed:

```solidity

    // Closing reentrancy gate here
    CumulativeClaim memory claim = claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId];
@-> require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward.");

    // SNIP
    claimed[userAddress][rewardTokenAddress][distributionId] = claim;

```


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

1. Instead of claiming fully, User claims partially in multiple epochs.


### Attack Path


1. Suppose Alice is eligible for a total of 100 USDT over 4 epochs, with 25 USDT distributed per epoch.

2. After the second epoch, Alice makes a partial claim for the accumulated reward, receiving 50 USDT (25 USDT per epoch for two epochs).

3. The claimed amount [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L213-L214) for Alice is then updated to 50 USDT.

4. At the end of the 4th epoch, Alice attempts to claim the remaining 50 USDT.

5. The Condition at [Line 209](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209) (`require(claim.amount == 0)`) fails because `claim.amount` is now `50e6`, effectively preventing Alice from claiming her remaining reward.


### Impact

DoS in claiming Reward Functionality.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update the implementation to make sure that if `claim.amount != 0` but `claim.endBlock < params.endBlockNumber` then User should be allowed to claim the left over distribution within range [`claim.endBlock`, `params.endBlockNumber`].