Low Cider Troll

High

# Claim Restriction Prevents Users from Claiming Multiple Epochs

### Summary

After a user makes a claim, they are unable to claim rewards for subsequent epochs due to a check that restricts claims based on prior activity.

### Root Cause

The handleProofResult function includes a check that requires the claimed amount to be zero (require(claim.amount == 0, "Already claimed reward.");). Once a user successfully claims rewards, this condition prevents them from claiming for any future epochs, as their claim amount is no longer zero.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

For simplicity, let’s assume the distribution rewards are set to 100 blocks, with a total of 100 rewards to be distributed and blocksPerEpoch set to 20, resulting in 5 epochs. In this scenario, the amountPerEpoch is 20. If Kate is eligible to claim for the entire period and, at block 21, she claims rewards for blocks 0-20, the amount recorded in the CumulativeClaim (in the mapping claimed) for Kate for this token and reward distribution will be 20. If Kate attempts to claim rewards for any other epoch, her request would revert due to the check: require(claim.amount == 0 , "Already claimed reward."); as claim.amount would be 20. Kate should be eligible to claim for other epochs, but she is not. [Github Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L209)

### Impact

Users are unable to claim rewards for multiple epochs after their initial claim, resulting in missed opportunities to receive rewards. This restriction diminishes user engagement and overall satisfaction with the protocol.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_