Docile Admiral Trout

Medium

# Signature malleability in the recover function

### Summary

In Ethereum, signatures are composed of three components: `v`, `r`, and `s`. The value of `s` must be in the lower half of the curve (i.e., it should be less than or equal to `n / 2` where `n` is the curve order of the `secp256k1` elliptic curve). If not checked, an attacker could craft two different signatures for the same message, one with `s` and one with `n - s`, which would both be valid.

### Root Cause

The `Tx:decodeTx()` function recovers `(keccak256(unsignedTxRaw), r, s, v)` using `Tx:recover()` function in the `Tx` library:

```solidity
   info.from = recover(keccak256(unsignedTxRaw), r, s, v);
```

which is vulnerable to signature malleability because it does not validate the `s` value of the signature:

```solidity
    function recover(bytes32 message, bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint8 v) internal pure returns (address) {
        if (v < 27) {
            v += 27;
        }
        return ecrecover(message, v, r, s);
    }
```

Without this check, an attacker can generate two valid signatures for the same message by using both `s` and `n - s`, which can lead to signature replay attack.

This means that the same `from` address in the `TxInfo` struct can be calculated from 2 signatures:

```solidity
    struct TxInfo {
        uint64 chainId;
        uint64 nonce;
        uint256 gasTipCap;
        uint256 gasFeeCap;
        uint256 gas;
        address to;
        uint256 value;
        bytes data;
        address from; // calculate from V R S
    }
```

### Internal pre-conditions

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L80-L131

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L133-L138

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Create a valid transaction or message signature with `v`, `r`, and `s`.
2. Replace `s` with `n - s` to generate a second valid signature.
3. Submit both signatures for the same message, both of which will be accepted as valid.

### Impact

Attackers can resubmit transactions using a different valid signature, potentially leading to duplicate state changes.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The `s` value must be validated to ensure it is in the lower half of the `secp256k1` curve. This can be done by adding a check like:

```solidity
require(uint256(s) <= 0x7FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF, "Invalid signature");
```

Or implement OpenZeppelin's `ECDSA` library.