Docile Admiral Trout

Medium

# Missing Check for Invalid Signature in ecrecover Function in RLP Decoding

### Summary

The `recover` function within the `Tx` library employs the `ecrecover` function to validate transaction signatures. However, it lacks a check to verify that the return value from `ecrecover` is not the zero, which indicates an invalid signature. This oversight can lead to incorrect address recovery, potentially resulting in erroneous transaction processing.

### Root Cause

The vulnerability arises from the absence of a validation step following the call to `ecrecover` in the `Lib.sol:recover()`:

```solidity
    function recover(bytes32 message, bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint8 v) internal pure returns (address) {
        if (v < 27) {
            v += 27;
        }
        return ecrecover(message, v, r, s);
    }
```

When an invalid signature is provided, `ecrecover` will return the zero address, which may not be caught by the current implementation. Without this check, the system may proceed with a transaction that has not been properly authenticated.

### Internal pre-conditions

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L133-L138

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. A user creates a transaction with an invalid signature.
2. The `decodeTx()` function calls `recover()`, which processes the invalid signature and returns the zero address.
3. The function does not check if the returned address is zero, leading to the assumption that the signature was valid.

### Impact

Transactions could be executed without valid signatures, allowing for potentially unauthorized actions on behalf of users.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement a check after the call to `ecrecover` to ensure the returned address is not zero.