Tall Peach Cow

Medium

# ecrecover() is vulnerable to signature malleability

### Summary

The ``decodeTx`` function is designed to decode and validate Ethereum EIP-1559 (Dynamic Fee) transactions, extracting key details like the sender’s address (``from``), chainId, nonce, gas fees, and destination address. However, due to the missing lower-half` ``s`` check in the signature verification, the function is susceptible to signature malleability. This vulnerability could allow attackers to manipulate the s value of a valid signature, creating alternate forms of the same transaction and potentially bypassing security measures.








### Root Cause

* EVM's ecrecover is susceptible to signature malleability
* In ``decodeTx`` function: a missing check on the s value in the recover function call allows for the possibility of multiple valid forms of a given signature due to ECDSA malleability, potentially leading to replay or duplicate transaction vulnerability.

### Internal pre-conditions

* An attacker has knowledge of the ``txRaw`` data.
* An attacker can adjust the signature's ``s`` component to its alternative valid form.
* The ``decodeTx`` function does not enforce a lower-half s check on the ECDSA signature.



### External pre-conditions

* Ethereum network protocols do not enforce lower-half s validation internally when verifying transaction signatures.
* A transaction’s signature is reused or duplicated on an alternate network or context where replay protection is not adequately enforced.

### Attack Path

N/A

### Impact

The Signature is malleable. when a signature is malleable, it means that it is possible to produce another valid signature for the same message. 

### PoC

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L137
```solidity
  function recover(bytes32 message, bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint8 v) internal pure returns (address) {
        if (v < 27) {
            v += 27;
        }
       @>> return ecrecover(message, v, r, s);
    }
}
```

### Mitigation

consider using OpenZeppelin's ECDSA library:
https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/utils/cryptography/ECDSA.sol