Acidic Mossy Gerbil

High

# Signature Malleability Vulnerability in `Tx.sol` Due to Missing `v` Validation

### Summary

The missing validation of the `v` value in the `Tx.sol` library will cause a signature malleability vulnerability for transaction verification, as an attacker can manipulate the `v` value to create multiple valid signatures for the same transaction. This can lead to replay attacks, compromising transaction integrity for affected users or protocols utilizing the `decodeTx` function.

### Root Cause

In `Tx.sol:77` [(link)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L80), the `decodeTx` function lacks validation for the `v` value, which should be restricted to either 27 or 28 to comply with ECDSA standards. 

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The `decodeTx` function is called to decode transaction data.
2. Signature parameter `v` is not validated.
3. `v` is set to a value other than 27 or 28.

### External pre-conditions

1. An attacker creates a transaction with a manipulated `v` value.


### Attack Path

1. An attacker discovers a previously used, valid signature.
2. The attacker alters the `v` value to create a malleable signature.
3. The attacker submits the modified transaction, causing potential duplicate signatures or replay attacks.

### Impact

Affected users or contracts relying on the `decodeTx` function may experience integrity issues, risking the potential for replay attacks due to the absence of `v` validation.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a check for valid `v` values in the `recover` function:
```solidity
require(v == 27 || v == 28, "Invalid v value");
```
