Acidic Mossy Gerbil

High

# Signature Malleability Vulnerability in `Tx.sol` Due to Missing `s` Validation

### Summary

The missing validation of the `s` value in the `Tx.sol` library will lead to signature malleability vulnerabilities during transaction verification, as attackers can create multiple valid signatures for the same transaction. This may allow for replay attacks and compromise transaction integrity for affected users or protocols using the `decodeTx` function.

### Root Cause

In `Tx.sol:77` [(link)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L80), the `decodeTx` function lacks validation for the `s` value, which should be restricted to the lower half of the secp256k1 curve’s order (`0 < s < secp256k1n / 2 + 1`).

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The `decodeTx` function is called to decode transaction data.
2. Signature parameter `s` is not validated.
3. `s` is set to a value greater than `0x7FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF5D576E7357A4501DDFE92F46681B20A0`.

### External pre-conditions

1. An attacker creates a transaction with a manipulated `s` value, exceeding the allowed range.


### Attack Path

1. An attacker discovers a previously used, valid signature.
2. The attacker alters the `s` value to create a malleable signature.
3. The attacker submits the modified transaction, causing duplicate signatures or replay attacks.

### Impact

Affected users or contracts relying on the `decodeTx` function may experience integrity issues, risking the potential for replay attacks due to the absence of `s` validation.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a check for valid `s` values in the `recover` function:
```solidity
require(uint256(s) <= 0x7FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF5D576E7357A4501DDFE92F46681B20A0, "Invalid s value");
```