Melodic Plastic Sidewinder

Medium

# Signature Malleability

### Summary

The lack of an `s` value restriction in the recover function of the `Lib.sol` contract will cause signature malleability for contracts relying on unique signatures as an attacker can create a valid alternative signature by adjusting the `s` value.

### Root Cause

The recover function in the `Lib.sol` contract is vulnerable to signature malleability, as it does not restrict the range of the s value in the `ECDSA` signature (see code snippet below). This vulnerability allows for multiple valid signatures that could represent the same signed message. Specifically, due to the symmetric structure of elliptic curves, for every set of `r`, `s`, and `v`, there is another, easy-to-compute set of `r`, `s`, and `v` that also has the same precise mathematical relationship. This results in TWO valid signatures and violates the idea that only the person with the private key can compute a signature.. Consequently, a malicious user could create a "mirror" signature with an alternative `s` value that remains valid and identical in effect.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/brevis/lib/Lib.sol#L133

```solidity 
function recover(bytes32 message, bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint8 v) internal pure returns (address) {
        if (v < 27) {
            v += 27;
        }
        return ecrecover(message, v, r, s);
    }
```

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The existence of multiple valid signatures for the same message undermines the fundamental principle of `ECDSA`: that only the holder of the private key can produce a unique, verifiable signature for a message. This vulnerability could lead to unintended behaviors in smart contracts that rely on strict uniqueness of signatures for authentication or authorization.

An attacker could alter the `s` value and replay the signature, which will have various impacts depending on the context:
- Authorization Bypass: Contracts that assume unique signatures may inadvertently authorize actions based on duplicated signatures.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To address this issue, the `s` value should be constrained to the lower half of the elliptic curve order, following `EIP-2`. This can be done by adding a check to ensure that s is less than or equal to `0x7FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF5D576E7357A4501DDFE92F46681B20A0`, as illustrated in the provided code snippet.

The corrected code would look as follows:
```diff
function recover(bytes32 message, bytes32 r, bytes32 s, uint8 v) internal pure returns (address) {

+   require(uint256(s) <= 0x7FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF5D576E7357A4501DDFE92F46681B20A0, "Invalid s value");

    if (v < 27) {
        v += 27;
    }
    return ecrecover(message, v, r, s);
}
```
Alternatively, consider using OpenZeppelin's `ECDSA.sol` library, which includes built-in checks to restrict the s value to the lower half of the elliptic curve order, ensuring compliance with `EIP-2`. **This library also verifies that `ecrecover` does not return the zero address, which indicates an invalid signature**. By using this library, you can avoid duplicated (`r`, `s`) pairs and ensure that only valid and unique signatures are accepted