Mysterious Citron Lizard

Medium

# A user may be able to claim an unwhitelisted token due to lack of input validation in `handleProofResult`

### Summary

`handleProofResult` is used by a user to claim reward token that was introduced to them via `createDistribution`. 
The contract uses and allowlist functionality to whitelist tokens. But this is not checked in `handleProofResult` causing users to claim tokens that are unwhitelisted. 

### Root Cause

Take a look at `createDistribution`. 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L108-L147

Token whitelist is successfully checked 
```Solidity 
require(isWhitelistedRewardToken[_rewardToken] == 1, "Reward token has to be whitelisted.");
```

Now let's look at `handleProofResult`

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L187-L218

We can see that there's no such check here and at the end , reward tokens are transferred to user

```Solidity 
IERC20(rewardTokenAddress).safeTransfer(userAddress, totalRewardAmount);
```

Suppose a whitelisted token is removed from the list by calling `toggleTokenWhitelist` by owner

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L254-L258


Ideally, all the distributions that were created for this reward token will not be claimed by users .
But since there's not check if token is in whitelist or not, users can still able to claim the token. 


### Internal pre-conditions

1. Token needs to whitelisted first.
2. Incentivizer called `createDistribution` for this token 
3.  After sometime, the token is removed from whitelist

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Alice called `createDistribution` for Token X which was meant to be Bob 
2. Token X was removed from whitelisted by the owner for some reason.
3. Bob was still able to claim the reward when `handleProofResult` is invoked

### Impact

The impact is dependent on the reasons under which the token was removed from whitelisting. Here are some of them 

1. A reward token that has lost stability may cause users to face high price volatility, leading to potential loss of value shortly after distribution.
2.  If a token is later considered a security, users may face legal issues or blocked access in their jurisdictions, and the protocol could be flagged by regulatory bodies.
3. If a token’s project discontinues or shows signs of malicious activities (like unexpected minting), users’ rewards could lose their value entirely or become susceptible to manipulation.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a require check in `handleProofResult` 
```Solidity 
 require(isWhitelistedRewardToken[_rewardToken] == 1, "Reward token has to be whitelisted.");
 ```