Macho Brown Oyster

Medium

# MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS limits the distribution period to 32 weeks instead of 4

### Summary

The protocol aims to limit the rewards distribution period to 4 weeks. However, due to a miscalculation, the constant [MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L45) is set to 9,676,800 blocks, which corresponds to a 32-week period, rather than the intended 4 weeks.

According to the [Optimism documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/connect/resources/glossary#block-time), the block time on Optimism is 2 seconds:
> L2 block time is 2 seconds, meaning there is an L2 block at every 2s time slot.

Therefore, the correct value for 4 weeks of blocks should be 1,209,600 blocks, as calculated below:
```solidity
0.5 blocks/second * 60 seconds/minute * 60 minutes/hour * 24 hours/day * 7 days/week * 4 weeks = 1,209,600 blocks
```

### Root Cause

The [MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L45) constant sets the maximum number of blocks over which rewards can be distributed. The current value of 9_676_800 blocks is calculated incorrectly, as it allows a 32-week distribution period instead of the intended 4 weeks.

### Internal pre-conditions

- The incorrect value of 9_676_800 blocks is hardcoded, without taking into account the correct block time of the Optimism network.


### External pre-conditions

- The contract is deployed on the Optimism network, where block times are 2 seconds, leading to incorrect calculations for the distribution period.


### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The intended maximum distribution period will not be enforced.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Correct the constant:
```diff
+   uint256 public MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS = 1_209_600; // Blocks for 4 weeks
-   uint256 public MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS = 9_676_800; // Blocks for 4 weeks
```
