Ancient Foggy Lobster

Medium

# `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` is longer than expected

### Summary

`MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` was estimated to be 4 weeks, but the actual value of `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` is much greater, approximately 32 weeks. This could result in the DISTRIBUTION time being uncontrollably longer than the project's maximum expectations.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L45

### Root Cause

`MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` is timed based on block outtime, but the block outtime may be underestimated.  
The block time for [Optimism](https://docs.optimism.io/connect/resources/glossary#block-time) is 2 seconds, while Ethereum's block time is 12 seconds.  
If calculated based on Optimism's block time, the `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` set in the contract actually equals 
                                               9,676,800 * 2 / (60 * 60 *  24 * 7) = 32 weeks. 
Therefore, `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` should be 60 *  60 * 24 * 7 * 4 / 2 = 1,209,600.

If Optimism and Arbitrum have similar characteristics, and the block.number corresponds to the nearest L1 block number, then the calculation of MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS is also incorrect.


### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

When the user calls createDistribution, they control that the difference between _startBlockNum and _endBlockNum is greater than 4 weeks.

### Impact

The user can create a Distribution with a duration greater than 4 weeks

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Correctly calculate `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS`