Jovial Oily Gerbil

Medium

# Incorrect MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS Value Misrepresents Distribution Time Limit

### Summary

The contract code and associated documentation (including the README.md) explicitly state that the maximum distribution period is 4 weeks. However, the actual implementation allows for a significantly longer period on the Optimism network.
Please read next section.

### Root Cause

The contract code and associated documentation (including the README.md) https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/README.md?plain=1#L72explicitly state that the maximum distribution period is 4 weeks. However, the actual implementation allows for a significantly longer period on the Optimism network.

While the developer has stated that this number is "arbitrary" and "doesn't matter for the purposes of the logic", this contradicts the explicit comments in the code and the documentation provided to users and auditors. 

Moreover, this issue was not declared as a known issue in either the Sherlock contest description or at the beginning of the audit. It is inappropriate for a developer or project representative to claim at the middle of an audit that they were aware of an inconsistency or bug, dismissing it as "arbitrary".

This situation could easily represent a genuine/legit bug in other contracts where developers fail to calculate time ranges based on block numbers. The presence of this discrepancy, undermines the reliability of the codebase and the accuracy of the documentation.

### Impact

Users and integrators who rely on the “4 weeks” statement may make incorrect assumptions about the maximum distribution period in which they expect to receive more rewards than the actual rewards they will receive.

### Mitigation

Adjust the MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS value to accurately reflect 4 weeks of blocks on the intended deployment network. For Optimism this value should be ‎ 1_209_600.