Fun Bamboo Fly

Medium

# Incorrect MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS Value in GammaRewarder.sol

### Summary

The [MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L45)variable in GammaRewarder.sol is set to 9,676,800 blocks, assuming a 4-week distribution period. However, this value is incorrect for the Optimism chain, where each block time is approximately 2 seconds. This results in a maximum distribution period that is actually twice as long (32 weeks instead of 4). This error allows for unintended longer distributions, potentially affecting reward distribution calculations and the intended incentive timing.

### Root Cause

The root cause is the inaccurate calculation of 9,676,800 blocks in Optimism being equal to 4 weeks, leading to an overestimated MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS. On Optimism, where each block time is around 2 seconds, the value should be 1_209_600  blocks to accurately represent a 4-week period.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

1.    A user submits a distribution expecting a 4-week duration, defined in blocks. Due to the incorrect MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS, the system permits durations up to 32 weeks on Optimism.
 2.   As a result, rewards might be spread over a period 8 times as long as intended, leading to diluted rewards per epoch if blocksPerEpoch is configured accordingly.
 3.   This error could lead to the unintended exhaustion of incentive budgets over longer durations or misaligned incentives, where participants receive less frequent rewards.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS to reflect the Optimism block time of 2 seconds, ensuring it accurately represents 4 weeks on this chain. The corrected value should be 1_209_600:

```solidity
uint256 public MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS = 1_209_600; // Corrected for Optimism 2-second block time
```