Creamy Cloud Parrot

Medium

# Incorrect `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` will allows to set the starting and ending blocktime to more than 4 weeks

### Summary

Due to incorrect calculation of number of blocks for 4 weeks i.e MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS for optimism chain, the start and end block time for distribution can be more than intended 4 weeks which breaks the core intended design__

### Root Cause

Incorrect consideration of block period which is considered as 1 second for optimisim, however optimism blocks are produced for every 2 seconds. This incorrect block period consideration has resulted in incorrect MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS.

### Internal pre-conditions

Incorrect `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS ` value hardcoded at contract initialization which can be changed later.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1) When the `createDistribution()` is called by function caller. The start and end block number for distribution is expected as function argument. 

2) The difference between end and start block duration should not be more than 4 weeks and function is expected to revert on it, however the user can bypass it since the current implementation allows to set it for more than 4 weeks.

3) This means, the `createDistribution()` function wont revert if start and end block duration is more than 4 weeks which is actually required as per protocol intended design. 

### Impact

The block and end block for distribution can be set for more than 4 weeks. `createDistribution()` function is expected to revert if the difference between end and start block time is more than 4 week which is actually broken here. The core intended design for max distribution of blocks is broken and allows to set against the protocol intended design in current implementation.

### PoC

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L45

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L118

### Mitigation

Consider using 2 seconds for optimism block formation period and calculate the `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` value accordingly. 
