Trendy Mauve Seagull

Medium

# Duration of a distribution can be greater than 4 weeks.

### Summary

The duration of a distribution can be greater than 4 weeks, which violates an important invariant of the system.

### Root Cause

Look at the following lines:

```solidity
uint256 public MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS = 9_676_800; // Blocks for 4 weeks
```
and

```solidity
require(_startBlockNum > block.number && (_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) <= MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS, "Distribution start block number is less than current block number or the duration is greater than 4 weeks.");
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/main/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L118

Both these lines suggest that the protocol intends for the distribution to only last for 4 weeks making it an invariant of the system. But, this restriction may not hold true.

From the Optimism docs:

>However, as of the OVM 2.0 release of Optimism (Nov. 2021), each transaction on L2 is placed in a separate block and blocks are NOT produced at a constant rate.

>This is important because it means that block.number is currently NOT a reliable source of timing information. If you want access to the current time, you should use block.timestamp (the TIMESTAMP opcode) instead.

"each transaction on L2 is placed in a separate block and blocks are NOT produced at a constant rate" -> This statement implies that even if `(_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum) <= MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` holds true, there is no guarantee that the time period between `_endBlockNum - _startBlockNum` will be less than 4 weeks because blocks are just not produced at a constant rate on Optimism.   

Apart from the above point, there is one more important thing to consider:

The approximate number of blocks for Optimism in 4 weeks:

1. Optimism Block Time: ~2 seconds per block
2. Calculation:

Seconds in 4 weeks:
4 weeks × 7 days × 24 hours × 60 minutes × 60 seconds
= 4 × 7 × 24 × 60 × 60
= 2,419,200 seconds

Approximate blocks in 4 weeks:
2,419,200 seconds ÷ 2 seconds per block
= ~1,209,600 blocks

Based on this calculation, the number for `MAX_DISTRIBUTION_BLOCKS` should be set as `1,209,600` or close to it. But it is set to `9_676_800`.  This will make the duration of the distribution to last much longer than 4 weeks. This is problematic.

### Impact

The duration of a distribution can be greater than 4 weeks, violating an important invariant.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use timestamp instead of block number as suggested in the OP docs