Bald Admiral Urchin

Medium

# There are real cases where the incentivizors are undercharged of protocolFee

### Summary

Because the fees are calculated rounding down, there are real cases where the incentivizors (distribution creators) are undercharged by protocol, incurring losses for protocol.

### Root Cause

In GammaRewarder:l125 (https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-gamma-rewarder/blob/475f7fbd0f7c2717ed585a67632e9a675b51c306/GammaRewarder/contracts/GammaRewarder.sol#L125) we can note that `fee` is calculated by rounding down the result of `_amount * protocolFee / BASE_9` (**amount to be distributed** *times* **protocol fee** *divided by* **scaler**).
The issue is that it should be rounded up.
The case where the incentivizor will be undercharged is easy to find, and is achievable in real-world scenario.

### Internal pre-conditions

There are no pre-conditions for the rounding down, but the monetary value of losses is only visible with either expensive tokens, or small decimal ones. 
I will calculate the losses using USDC as example, which is confirmed in Sherlock's competition page to be whitelisted token.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

1. The incentivizor creates a distribution.
2. `fee` is smaller than it should be
3. Incentivizor is undercharged, protocol bears losses.

### Impact

Incentivizor is undercharged for protocol use leading to protocol bearing losses.

### PoC

We will assume that the `protocolFee` is not big due to competitive market and mass adoption.
Let's take `protocolFee` of 0.25% ($0.25 * 10^9$), and USDC as `_rewardToken`, for the sake of PoC.
Imagine incentivizor creates a distribution with `_amount` of 7.99 USDC ($799$ wei).
The "real" amount that `fee` should be is 0.019975 USDC. 
Since USDC has just 2 decimals, and `fee` is being rounded down, the incentivizor will pay 0.01 USDC, while it would be beneficial to take 0.02 USDC for protocol, given the fees are small.
This way, the protocol losses 1 wei almost each time the distribution is created.

### Mitigation

Make the `fee` calculation rounded up.